Gateway 2.8.2.3: Changelog and parameters (#4993)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Bumped `lodash` for Dev Portal from 4.17.11 to 4.17.21
* Bumped `lodash` for Kong Manager from 4.17.15 to 4.17.21

## 2.8.2.3
**Release Date** 2023/01/06

### Fixes

#### Enterprise

**Kong Manager:**
* Fixed a role precedence issue with RBAC. 
RBAC rules involving deny (negative) rules now correctly take precedence over allow (non-negative) roles.
* Fixed workspace filtering pagination on the overview page.

#### Core 

> * Fixed a router issue where, in an environment with more than 50k routes, attempting to update a route caused a 500 error response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a router issue where, in an environment with more than 50,000 routes, attempting to update a route caused a `500` error response.
```
